He is a native Washingtonian. He has a long and highly successful career as a political writer and newspaper editor,
as assistant to the president of the telephone company, which did he took from to Alaska
with a late president party, as publicist and paying for several presidential inaugurations,
as a many prohibition campaign. More recently, Mr. government has devoted his time to radio commentating.
Back in 1938 and 1939, he was heard on the southern shagant of NBC, and his president featured
from Washington on both NBC, Radio and NBC television. May I say answer then, please,
that when I first came to Congress in 1939, I had the pleasure of making the acquaintance of Earl Godwin,
and he is a great friend for any member of Congress to help. He not only knows his business,
but he is always willing to give kindly advice to young brothers and brothers.
Mr. government has the great pleasure to be interviewed by you, and I should be glad to have you asked me
whatever question you take is public is interested in, whatever question you will. This is completely unrehearse.
The sound of my overtlement in generosity and of your introduction, I must say.
I thought I would come here and say to the feet of wisdom and the earth and I attend to it,
and I am going to do this for just about, you know, this interview by a saying,
and I spent the morning chopping wood off my plate on the fire. We're out of coal.
Now you know, that leads into this coal strike, which is not only a universal,
and it's interesting, but entirely personal. You are the lawmaker,
and they have to act upon some drastic measure, might be in a position to let me ask you question,
what do you think, and what's going to happen?
Mr. government, I'm glad to know that you've been cutting wood too,
because they've been building a house out next to where we live,
and I've been spending some Saturday afternoon, sewing up wood.
We have a pretty good supply and preparation for this situation.
Of course there's coal strike as we all know, and the coal situation is one of the most difficult problems
that we've had in a long, long time, and it's been a recurring one.
It goes a lot of saying that something must be done to wake the young taxi immediately,
and the people can't always stop ringing, cannot wait long.
They're taking off of trains, and they're laying off of people in plants and fast-roos,
which are dependent upon coal, and simply cannot go on.
Personally, I cannot criticize the decision of Judge Keach,
which Federal Judge District Judge, when he will,
is extremely contemptuous.
Because, very frankly, it seems that they have found a way of getting around the last provision
for action of the task partly while that is the executive procedure.
I'm just going to start with Justice Department,
and conference with members of the executive committee,
on the executive court of appeals, and on Judge Keach and on the executive committee.
The most destruction of the court of appeals early next week,
and if that review doesn't change the ruling of Judge Keach,
and it's where the United Man Works Groups are in contempt,
and after going back to work, then I see only one thing that can be done,
and I'll use for the process of legislation,
and then the process of the disease and after it's coal mass.
I don't like that way of doing business,
because I hate to see it get in the habit of seeping industries
in order to have operation go on, but the public emphasis of course,
permage in this case.
That's pretty true. I was very much interested in sounding to read this lying in interview,
which is out of office, crock,
but in our times, I am John Lewis, and in the interview,
Lewis said that there never had been a coal strike,
which impaled the nation, or brought it to a state of crisis.
But I notice in all the angry, I remember whenever,
he got a coal, he got a wood pile in his own backyard.
So that might give you some thought on it.
I was threatened at the first news conference yesterday in our other occasions,
where he has shown considerable disdaste,
exactly what you do for grabbing an industry.
And I believe that he would not seize any industry,
even if he has in here power, which might be a disputed point.
Unless he has a direct or specific authority of customer,
I don't know if you have any particular point,
but I would like to join his next two degrees,
to present him with a quick phrase that something is going to break in the matter.
I know that I was attending a committee hearing on my behalf of John Spiels,
who was in post-war spending,
and that was about a situation starting with a situation.
He left the meeting very early,
saying that he was going down and he quit Mr. Lewis and others,
and then attempt to find what's up to get this strike subtle.
But we never heard any news from that effort, is it?
No, I'm not the most confident to get one of the coal burns on the outside,
I am so much more over-cured in this question.
I noticed that there are a bit of members of the Senate
and a congressman said that they agreed that the only way to handle a matter
unless something goes back in a few days is to pass your job,
legislations, and I think the miners should work for the government.
I think they were too, and do you see any other way that this could be done?
And do you have a...
Not unless they suddenly come, not unless they both suddenly come to an agreement
and sign a contract, and I think you're going to agree with that too.
Yes, we are.
That's right.
I was another two, over two, not exactly as dramatic in its news presentation.
And that's natural gas, and we're getting to depend more and more.
And there's a natural gas legislation in the Senate,
which I can propose the men must remove,
control, the government, federal power commission.
Of course, it's a little gas production in Tennessee,
but I'll bet you're using a lot of it.
What do you think of that? Tell us about it.
Well, Mr. Governor, we are very much interested in natural gas,
and kind of stay particularly from the consumers viewpoint.
Only recently, in Italy, our company has done extremely gas lines
so as to bring service to more and more cities and more and more people.
And particularly, indeed, of the coal shortage,
these people are interested in seeing that they got natural gas,
and they get at a reasonable rate.
Our West Tennessee is not the natural gas for a long, long time,
where it's the fuel for many, many homes and many factories.
We do not produce much natural gas.
There's a little in parts of middle and east Tennessee,
but Tennessee is largely a producer state.
Well, the situation that's happened in connection with the President's legislation
is that the federal power commission here in Washington
has decided that when gas is sold for interstate commerce,
that they have entered a great pipeline,
that they have a right to regulate the charge for natural gas.
That is, the company has sent it as a public matter, public fuel,
and those interstate commerce that they have a right to see
that no company makes more than a reasonable profit,
and that the consumer of natural gas is not charged too much.
Also, at the state, there's another right to impose a great proxy
upon natural gas when it shifts from one state to another.
That's the President's status of the matter.
Now, this legislation has been proposed by Senator Kerr
and he is a great friend of mine from Oklahoma,
Senator Lyndon Johnson from Texas.
Of course, in those states, they produce a lot of natural gas
as to the matter, but only the natural.
The amendment says they have to the natural gas act simply provides
that the federal power commission has to end the company's
should now have a right to impose restrictions on the price
and that they could not prevent their states from imposing a tax
on natural gas going out of the state.
But 85% of the gas of transmissions are owned by independent companies.
So, all of those who are asking for this legislation,
this, although it has the House of Representatives
and is coming up in the United States Senate,
sometimes we got to take it and from the viewpoint of the consumer,
certainly they would want natural gas cheaply as possible.
First, we want the companies like the reasonable profit,
which I think they've been doing.
You are not sure at all on the side of the consumer,
but you're not sure.
You know you've got to do it right.
That's right.
Now, before we end it with time,
I just want to tell you, I want to add a smokey sometimes.
I hope to see you there.
You're telling me that you're fine with that.
You're just a punitive state of smokey.
Here's a hearing started, boy.
You have a several, so this has got these freightways on your mind
and have a great place in the cost of living.
There's a rather difficult thing going on
with basic points of mind,
but return to conference.
That has to do with freightways.
I'm, I'm rather the former Mr. government,
the basic questions we have before the nation today.
I'm here to throw the most important ones from our southern viewpoints.
We want to equalize freightways so that we can develop
the natural resources of the south,
which we have a great abundance.
The question about the basing point grows in that sometimes,
great many industries have been using a basing point,
which works against the development of resources in particular countries.
That is, they hold a price up in the south
and don't develop our resources in order to sell more
from a Pittsburgh and young South in places in the official territory.
There is a bill which is pending saying that it shall not be unlawful
to afford freight or to afford delivered prices.
And I don't object to anybody selling on a delivered price basis
or absorbing freight, so why did they do not do it
for the purpose of violating the antitrust laws?
Why did I get in the memo then is Bill
and I got to send it to a dog one that I submitted to say that
all I have told freightways is to not violate antitrust laws.
In some ways in these countries, don't like mine
and the other kind of amendments are the same thing in the house.
And I thought that's what the shooting is about now.
I want to hit this a red object.
I picked an FEPC and I saw a Catholic activist commercial appeal
of a meeting in the Memphis London restaurant,
but you got to the resolution.
I decided here was an attitude of meeting of 18 other settlers
and there's a pilot filibuster against the FEPC.
I wonder if you would like to file a file I want to have a round of it.
No, yes, I'll file it.
Not a factor in not a position on the FEPC representative.
There's more opposed to the FEPC democracy.
It's a part of the current meeting with our House of Poses,
if you and the folks you don't attend,
you'd be standing in condom as a PPC even if I had done a racial point
that the regimentation is our accelerator,
and the selection of employees.
And I'm always opposed and I'm holding reasons.
And then I'm always willing to work on staff.
We've got two.
We're staying on education in a graduate way.
So, sounds a bit harder than I had.
I've been opposed to other members who told about this.
I think at some time or another, we have to make issues to decision that.
If it sounds more important than the argument that we have,
we've got to look to see if we are in a perfectly graduate sense
that I'm talking to you.
You think this will be just a good time for me?
I'm an American.
I think it's not enough.
We're special trademark.
We get to walk around the radio.
You know that.